Note on Administrator rights for Windows PG deployment (#359)
BabylonJS/BabylonReactNative: README.md

```
Selecting the React Native install will also install all NPM packages and its dependencies for the Playground sample/test app.

> > :warning: Windows UWP Playground deployment implies running `npm run select` command with Administrator rights because of symlinks. Otherwise, a build error will popup when trying to run the Playground.

Author: shelljs says it's a symlink https://github.com/shelljs/shelljs#lnoptions-source-dest
I've tested with junction and got the same result.

```
Selecting the React Native install will also install all NPM packages and its dependencies for the Playground sample/test app.

> > :warning: Windows UWP Playground deployment implies running `npm run select` command with Administrator rights because of symlinks. Otherwise, a build error will popup when trying to run the Playground.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :warning: When setting up the Playground app for UWP, the `npm run select` command must be run with Administrator rights, because of the symbolic links. Not doing so will result in a build error will popup when trying to run the Playground.
```

Might be good to also put the exact error here.
